Tip: You can eat food to get hunger bars.
Pro Tip: You can turn the computer off to leave the game.
Extra Tip: You can hold your attack key to mine blocks.
Expert Tip: There are a lot of ways to play the game.
Tip: I'm outta tips, man. I don't give a shit. Just play the game.
Fun Fact: Creepers are the four-legged green creatures.
Interesting Fact: Grass blocks generate on the surface of the world.
Cool Fact: You can build by pressing the interact key with a block selected.
Fun Fact: There are 6.8 million tips.
Pro Tip: You can sleep in a bed.
Pro Tip: You can open a door by pressing interact on it.
Tip: Don't mine redstone, man. Don't even bother.
Expert Tip: You can eat, but you can't get fat.
Tip: You can find stone underground.
Expert Tip: Press the multiplayer button to join a server.
Tip: Don't use a creative testing world.
Tip: You can't turn off your computer anymore. We disabled that. 
Fun Fact: There are more than two types of wood.
Interesting Fact: You can turn on clouds in Options.
Pro Tip: You can mine bedrock, it just takes a really long time.
Pro Tip: You can find forests.
Pro Tip: There are villages of *them* in the world. *They* don't mind your presence.
Expert Tip: You can do the `/help` command to see available commands.
Tip: Chat by pressing the Chat button (`T` by default).
Mythical Tip: You can open the pause menu by pressing the Open Menu button (`Esc` by default).
Expert Tip: You can build a house.
Tip: Even when you turn off the computer, you still hear mining. That is intentional.
Tip: You can plant seeds.
Fun Fact: We made pigs ontologically evil.
Fun Fact: The player is gay! yes, you.
Legendary Tip: You don't have to claim the extra ores from fortune on your taxes.
Tip: You can find 'wood' in 'trees'
Tip: the 'chat' feature can be used to spread misinformation and hate.
Distraction Tip: If there is anything you don't like, it's Quark's fault.
Old Tip: Find the Shackle to be used during Mohg, Lord of Blood's fight to stun him.
Tip: Listen to audio queues to deduce where attackers are coming from.
Tip: Its okay to die, just respawn and try not to suck so much.
Tip: The Shotgun has little range, but high damage.
Tip: The Eye of Cthulu is known to come out at night.
Tip: I heard word that Garry recently made a mod...
Tip: Bottle caps can be used as currency at vendors.
Tip: I am the conductor of the poop train.
Tip: If your check engine light turns on, turn it off.
Tip: We added something that *you* specifically hate to the pack.
Tip: Currency can be exchanged for goods and services.
Fun Fact: We made all skeletons libertarian.
Fun Fact: All sheep were already like that, we didn't have to change a thing.
Fun Fact: Every copy of GRC is personalized.
Tip: Put two suspension on top of each other to break everything.
Fun Fact: There is an incremental minigame in the pack.
Tip: You can enter the backrooms, but only when you don't want to.
Pro Tip: The factory must grow.
Fun Fact: This Jit cracks birds.
Expert Tip: Its right behind you.
Fun Fact: Our servers are located in Nunavut, Canada to reduce cooling costs.
Fun Fact: Our servers are located in your local desert to increase cooling costs.
Fun Fact: Press Alt + F4 to shit your whole ass.
Pro Tip: Activate your search lands on the end step before your turn.
Fun Fact: I'm killing your commander next turn.
Fun Fact: We put 40 basic lands in this modpack.
Fun Fact: While there may be one outside, inside the server there is *no* God.
Tip: You can kiss eachother.
Fun Tip: you can move by pressing 'W' by default.
Tip: You can look around with your 'mouse' and/or 'track' pad.
Pro Tip: You can craft using your 'brain'.
Tip: You can listen to Geese by Going Outside.
Tip: You can generate energy with boiled water!
Tip: You can drink water.
Tip: Monsters come out at night. 
Tip: You can come at night.
Tip: Trees are common outside deserts.
Pro Tip: Air is common above ground.
Tip: Ores are not common above ground.
Uncommon Fun Fact: Villagers think and feel like we do.
Uncommon Tip: Create your Fur Suit with wool and string.
Tip: Craft sticks with two wood planks.
Expert Tip: One wood makes two planks!
Regular tip: One wood makes four planks!
Tip: Netherite requires 2-3 Dyson Spheres worth of energy to manufacture.
Tip: Swords can be used to fend off ghoulies.
Tip: Pickaxes are used to mine harder blocks.
Tip: Shovels are used to mine softer blocks.
Tip: You can till the ground with a hoe.
Tip: 'Isn't it Iron Pick?' is not funny.
Tip: You can interact with players be 'speaking' or 'hitting'.
Tip: You can see your environment with your 'Mine-Eyes'.
Tip: Slime balls are sticky to the touch.
Tip: All villagers are single and ready to mingle.
